Adds instructions to build and install CLI from source (#500) (#531)
micronaut-projects/micronaut-starter: CONTRIBUTING.md

If you want to test output colors or the interactive shell, the jar must be executed. Run `./gradlew micronaut-cli:shadowJar` and then `java -jar starter-cli/build/libs/micronaut-cli-2.0.0.BUILD-SNAPSHOT-all.jar create-app temp`

> You can also install the cli fully from source by [following these instructions](https://micronaut-projects.github.io/micronaut-starter/latest/guide/index.html#installFromSource)

Reviewer: "You can build the CLI from source by..." sounds more natural to me

Author: ```suggestion
You can build the CLI from source by [following these instructions](https://micronaut-projects.github.io/micronaut-starter/latest/guide/index.html#installFromSource)
```
I'm okay with that
